---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: The First Ridge
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-09-01
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Javascript
---

I guess I could make the analogy that the first week of school was the first ridge of a long journey up a mountain. Although Javascript in a way is similar to other languages we learned in previous semesters it was also very different. Throughout the week I was able to experience the different natures that this language has to offer. It was also my first time learning a script language so it was quite intriguing seeing the different types of code and syntax we used. 

I think the athletic software engineering is a good thing. As stated in class we should see this class as a way to build upon a skill similar to any sports we have to practice to get better. I find the practice WODs to be very helpful. Great way to practice for the in class WODs as well as learning. However, I won’t say that the in class WODs aren’t stressful. Sometimes when you see the time ticking you just can’t think of anything but I guess practice will only improve upon that. I think that it’ll work out for me as long as I get the practice and quality hours of learning. 

I also thought that FreeCodeCamp was an excellent way to refresh and also learn. As I said before Javascript was similar to some of the previous languages we learned. I’ve also always wanted to dabble in web development so I am pretty excited about learning more in this course. I am not scared but curious to see where we will all be after the end of this course.


